[Music]
all right so for those of us who are
joining us live today are watching the
replay on youtube later welcome i'm jill
and i'm here with chloe and what we're
showing you right now is an actual
business call between the two of us and
because we're both tick-tockers we
thought why not share this with all of
our lovely friends on tick tock so i'm
going to hand it over to chloe now to
kick off our call today
sure
okay so i'm just going to give you a bit
of a background to the process that i go
through with my clients and um
to what jill and i have done prior to
this call just so you get kind of the
background um for the things that we're
having like this isn't the first time
we've spoken this is not the first
encounter that we've had so there has
been a little bit of background work
that's happened prior to this call um so
we emailed back and forth a little bit
to discuss the requirements for the
project um jill described her program
who it's for and what she needed help
with
which ended up being copied for the
sales page
and
some help naming the program
and i provided a proposal which was
it was just very basic over email and um
around 15 name suggestions that i put
together based on some common frameworks
for
um for naming of like courses and
programs and things like that
um
jill very i like very well articulated
the the programs um and then her needs
so my job was super simple and i didn't
have to do like a big fancy proposal or
anything so she made my job really
really easy
um and we signed contracts yesterday and
jill has paid a 50 deposit which is my
standard upfront fee
and we've agreed on timelines for the
final deliverable and she's also
completed my very in-depth briefing
questionnaire which i have all of my
clients do no matter what project it is
and it's got just like
a whole bunch of questions that i ask
about their brand about the project and
about what they want to do in their
project
and
yeah um it's i it is important to note
that i always do my own research on top
of these calls and on top of the
briefing questionnaire so um
i do go out go off and do that once i've
got all the information that i i need
from from my client
but it's good to hear everything in
their own words first because no one
knows your product better than you do
um i'm sorry and if i may tell you just
know the um briefing documents sent me
from like a client's perspective because
i'm used to being the marketer too right
from a client but it was also really
helpful because it asked me questions
that ensured that i was ready to work
with you to work with a copywriter who
is my target audience and what is the
offer and like why is that valuable and
so forcing me to make sure like why yes
i do have something valuable to offer
and i do know
is also an important filter to know that
i'm ready to work with someone like you
yeah and no it's it's super important
and the answer is that like a lot of
people don't place too much importance
on on the brief itself but i'm really um
insistent on my clients for like filling
it out
in
as helpful a way as possible so if they
if there's ever any information that's
missing from it if they've only given
like a one-word answer and i need more
detail then i will come back and like
hassle them to do it which is like i'm a
bit of a stickler for that because it's
really important background information
um
but
okay so let's get into the part where
you get talking so um can you tell us
about your program
sure so i am launching a google ads
course platform but as you discussed i
don't like calling it a course platform
basically i worked with google for six
years uh i've been a tick-tock creator
for gosh eight months now when people
keep asking me to make a course and my
answer was always well no i'm not gonna
make a course because google has free
courses but then when i learn through my
own business into the coaching i do is
that people who want to run their own
google ads whether they're marketers or
entrepreneurs we're really craving
practical in platform experience and
there just really isn't anyone offering
that today in an approachable way and so
my program is an on-demand platform um
so rather than paying like four thousand
bucks up front for a giant course it's a
monthly membership fee and you get um 15
minutes or less lessons in all different
aspects of google ads uh that's really
applicable for all levels and just will
help you feel confident managing google
ads yourself see i'm way too wordy
that's why i needed a copywriter but
that's what my offer is
on demand google ad
weapons um for people who want to
actually do google ads themselves from
someone who used to work at google
love it
um
what prompted you to create the course
was it was it exactly i know it's not a
course but just for is yeah is it
a reference
what yeah what was the deciding factor
that made you do it
i think for me just realizing two things
first of all like my one-on-one coaching
is expensive like i charge 290 us
dollars an hour that is out of reach for
99 of people so a lot of people reach
out to me and i couldn't afford my help
and then i feel bad so that was kind of
one thing though
and then the other um is that the
coaching clients i am working with
they're all asking me the same questions
again and again and again whether it's
someone who like works at an agency and
is a digital marketer or someone who's
like a solo entrepreneur trying to run
google ads someone who works in a large
marketing department like everyone was
confused about the same things
and i was saying the same stuff over and
over and so i just kind of put those two
together i thought there has to be a way
to scale
jill like i can't
help everyone one-to-one i need to find
a way to help people one-to-many and so
that's how i really build the curriculum
in the first couple lessons i've
recorded just the things people are
asking me again and again and again boom
here's your answer for reference
whenever you need it
that's great
and yes i hard relate on the scalable
uh scaling yourself as a business model
it's you do because you feel you feel
terrible when someone comes to you and
they desperately want or and desperately
need your help and they can't afford you
and it's like
i i want to help everyone i really do
but like yeah you have to you have to
make like your money to pay your bills
exactly
yeah i left google because when i worked
there like clients would have to spend
millions of dollars to get the help of
someone like me to work with them and
like the clients i work with i mean
they're wonderful not like they're
wonderful clients and i enjoyed working
with them but they have entire teams
managing google ads and everything
they're not the ones who need the most
help um and so that was one of the
reasons why leaving google i wanted to
find different ways to help
entrepreneurs and so this really i see
is just an expansion of that
okay cool
um what can you tell me about the ideal
customer for this program
ideal customers so there are three
potential ideal customers um and i feel
comfortable that i have three different
ones because they all have the same need
um so the first kind of ideal customer
is someone who
um
like does paid like does paid ads for a
living is a marketer whether they're an
agency or on themselves and generally
what i've learned about that target
customer is they know facebook ads
really well and tend to not know google
ads as well um but they're selling
google ads as a service and so it's
really hard for them to go find help
somewhere because like how do they know
who to trust or some so that's kind of
one target customer who wants to become
more of a google ads expert because they
make their livelihood on selling their
google ad services along with other
things so that's one um my next target
customer is an entrepreneur um usually a
small business owner i would say um and
they you know have found organic growth
they want to run google ads they
launched a couple of campaigns they
didn't work at all and they they don't
want to hire someone they actually do
want to learn it themselves and again
aren't able to find a reliable way to do
so um
and the third piece which i would say is
not as important as those first two but
kind of the third target customer
is someone who doesn't work in an agency
but actually works at a company in
marketing um and i have a few clients
this way who they are marketers but they
don't have kind of the paid marketing
expertise digital marketing expertise
and so this could really be something
they could do to help them in their
day-to-day
job be better um and perhaps be sold
alongside my coaching services so that's
kind of the third but the two main ones
are really they're both entrepreneurs
either the entrepreneur who has a small
business that they need google as to
promote or the entrepreneur whose
business is providing advertising
services brewing hearts it sounds like
i'm thinking about you yes i'm seeing
some comments now
no that's good that's yeah that's
totally what we want um
yeah it's relatable like the
entrepreneur who who's built a small
business and like my husband's really
good at google ads himself but i'm like
i write google ads for people but i
don't do any of like the the backhand
targeting or anything any of that i'd
probably be a reasonable candidate for
you there we go
okay so from what i was reading um about
what you put in the briefing
questionnaire doesn't sound like this
would be a suitable product for complete
beginners is that right
i would say that's right like i would
advise someone to go do um google's free
online certifications first even if you
don't take the exam like there are tons
of training material and that's really
good for getting
a foundation and it's free and like and
it's free and it's free over and over
again so like go do that first
um
but once
you know i would not be someone's first
stop if someone wakes up in the morning
says i want to learn google ads today
they wouldn't come to me first i think
they would go to some free resources try
to pick up a little bit
and then get to a point where they're
like okay that's all really nice but how
do i how do i get started or like okay i
tried that i'm a little stuck so it's
not for absolute beginners um
but an introductory course but in terms
of skill level of the person i would say
beginner to intermediate um
and then advanced is sort of in the eye
of the beholder like i
have encountered people who would
consider themselves advanced and then
when we talk they're like whoa there's a
whole other level
but on the flip side i've become active
on twitter recently with a very
different target audience and tech talk
like talking to other really advanced
practitioners in google and facebook ads
um and they are people who sell like the
four thousand dollar five thousand
dollar expert courses i don't think
they're my target audience i think
that's a diff so i'm kind of trying to
span the like beginner to intermediate
if you really want an expert expert
expert i don't think you can do it from
a course if you need to do it and like
talk to other fellow experts so
long-winded answer um beginner to
intermediate um
not introductory
but they should have the basics like
they should know their way around the
interface and kind of like have an
understanding of the platform in general
would you say they don't have to with
the free certifications that are out
there from google um none of it involves
showing you the platform at all
so it'll be like here is how google ads
works here's what a keyword is it's all
theory and all the certifications are
like this facebook ads like none of them
show you the platform i think the reason
they do it is because the platform
changes so frequently that they don't
want to have to update their stuff all
the time that's my theory that's um
that's funny the crap is a big gap so
that's why sometimes even in my coaching
where people are paying a lot of money
i'm like oh hey dan um
you know i will say like hey let's not
use your time for me to teach you this
concept um i'll send them a link to the
specific part of the training like go
learn this and then come back and i'm
actually doing that in my course like i
have a section about quality score which
is like yeah such a foundational concept
um it's explained in the certification
but a lot of people miss it because you
don't realize how fundamental it is
until you go to become a practitioner so
i show you quality score i have a lesson
about how to find that in your account
but then below my instructional video
i'm going to link like and here is the
google certification lesson about
quality score if you want to learn more
so i'm really you not to say like i'm
only going to give you stuff that you
can't google somewhere else that's the
line you go with me chloe like the stuff
in my course is stuff that you can't
google that's why i'm here teaching it
to you for the stuff you can google i
will point you to it so you don't have
to google it i'll send you the exact
place you need to go to kind of augment
great that's awesome
would you say that there's any specific
prior knowledge required like is there a
prerequisite of any kind that like aside
from what we've already talked about
the prerequisite
i don't think they're i don't want to
say that going and getting google ads
certified prerequisites it's absolutely
not
and i know a lot of people are
intimidated by that um
so
no i'm not going to say there's any
prerequisite you could just come into it
and start learning and as you watch my
videos you'll be like i want to know
more about that well good i'm going to
link you to another place to learn more
about that
there's a chat here dan is saying
understanding metrics yes i have already
filmed that lesson in here all about
reach and efficiency metrics and again
that's something that like i've only
figured out
after doing this for so many years
there's no lesson on that anywhere else
like what's a reach metric what's an
efficiency metric how do you pick the
right ones like that's a lesson yeah see
dan is my ideal customer here right now
okay awesome um
now
and i'll post them to those who are just
joining like what the heck is going on
here um chloe and i are talking about a
google ads course platform i'm launching
i'm a google ads expert and chloe is a
copywriting expert and i have hired her
to work with me and this is our actual
onboarding calls so we're not being as
like engaging and interactive with you
as we normally be on a live um this is
chloe's call i'm her client and this is
what like an actual onboarding call
looks like if you are lucky enough to be
one of chloe's clients so sorry back to
you
um what will the program do for people
who join
what will the program do for people who
join
so um
the first and primary outcome for people
who join the program is that they are
going to get
actual expert
um i'm not going to say in platform
experience only way to get experiences
do it yourself but see what it actually
looks like to do google ads properly
like watch someone who actually knows
how to do it well
doing google ads and explaining it to
you so that you can do it too so i think
that that exposure piece um like if
you're lucky enough to work in an agency
where there's someone more senior to
teach you great but most people don't
have that so you'll get actual
first-hand
knowledge of what it looks like to do
google ads properly um and then being
more like benefit outcome focused really
by being part of this platform you can
ensure that you're going to stay up to
date
in the latest best practices and tactics
and techniques to use google ads
effectively because it is a membership
program it'll be 25 a month and every
single week there's going to be a new
course i'm going to do a live google
meet of course not zoom um once a month
so it's you know there's the on-demand
learning but then just making sure that
you as a professional are really staying
up to date in the latest and greatest um
in google ads so that you can use google
ads most effectively for your business
your clients business
super valuable
um okay so what won't it do
what wanted to definitely not
um
on its own
just watching all of this content will
not
make you
a google ads expert
um
this content is going to show you in
more detail than you would find anywhere
else um but you are still going to have
to actually like open google ads in a
new window and and try it yourself so i
think that's a really important
distinction um i talk about all accounts
the best way to learn is by doing it's a
lot to go from never done this before to
jump in and do and so this designed to
uh bridge that gap
um
so that would be one the other thing um
and we spoke a bit about this in our
briefing document chloe is that i'm not
making any promises
about um like the profitability or the
roads you're going to get by taking my
course so i'm not gonna say you know be
an insider and you're going to double
your roads like i think that that will
happen for you um but as you see i
actually just filmed one of the lessons
two days ago going through an actual
google ads account where ros return on
ad spend has dropped and showing you my
exact problem solving and what i
determined at the end of this lesson
is that it actually has nothing to do
with the ads
there's a nuance that's happened um
with this business owner and with um the
auction dynamics where it's just become
a much more competitive landscape and
cost per click has gone up gone up and
so at the end of the lesson i want to
spoil it now um uh i still say things
you can do but the things you can do
aren't google ads things they're other
things that affect the performance of
google ads um and so i think that's
really important to say like you will
learn how to do google ads as best you
can but the profitability of your google
ads isn't just about the ads of course
it's also like the website and the offer
and and all that stuff too um so not as
complicated
yes of course copywriting like you can't
at the end of the day copywriting can
only get you so far you kind of you need
a good offer you have to have something
that people actually need or want in
order to be able to
write the copy that's going to get it
over the line because if
you can have the best copy in the world
but if it's not something that people
need or want then you're screwed so
it's such a great point like you know a
few months go by and only three people
buy my course i'm not gonna say well
chloe you know you didn't do a good job
with copywriting but people do that a
lot with the ads they'll have an
unproven offer just like i do right now
it's an unproven offer and they'll run a
bunch of ads and they won't make sales
and say well the ads didn't work and
it's like
but i addressed that that's exactly why
i filmed this lesson already
so like how do you know if it's the ads
or the offer or competition or what's
going on um because it's so especially
when you're an agency and clients
um so we get into that
and then in the clip itself yeah i love
that
um
okay so
what are their biggest frustration or
problem that this this ideal audience
has
what other frustrations or problems do
they have actually what we were just
talking about um for the ones who aren't
the business owner themselves but where
like they're a marketer who has a client
what so many of my clients deal with is
like their clients don't understand
how ads work and what happens and so the
moment that something is not you know
well i want to hit a four row as that's
like okay that's nice have you ever hit
a bro for roads before like where is
this coming from and so um a big gap is
arming my clients and now my students my
insiders
with how to answer those questions from
clients you know if a campaign
performing to expectations if it used to
be performing but isn't anymore if you
want to pitch something new how can you
explain that to your client who doesn't
want to be an ads expert in a way they
can understand you know something that i
am really skilled at i think that's why
i've done well on tick tock when i
worked at google it was what i was known
for was taking really complex things and
explaining them simply and that's really
hard to do um and so that's another pain
point for one of my two target audiences
that this platform is really going to
help solve like how to explain things to
people clearly and simply um so that's
one and then another one we spoke about
a bit earlier is just ensuring you're
staying up to date
you know as i mentioned
google ads certifications are designed
that like the information doesn't really
expire you do have to renew them once a
year but like
the foundations of how google ads work
have not changed in a decade you know
lots of new
keep getting added on top like for
example
about a month ago there was this brand
new campaign type that launched in
google ads called performance maps and
it's like the one campaign to rule them
all everyone's like i don't know what do
we do what do we do how do we use it you
know so
if i had been live already i would have
done a live stream
like right away with and be like hey
guys emergency live stream performance
match let's all figure it out together
um so like having that ongoing
community piece to it um
is part of it as well like i miss having
people to talk about google ads with all
day and geek out over you know that's
what you do at google so like that's
what i've been kind of using twitter for
but i find it a bit brilly with no
offense at all to the men who are here
but i just i find it a bit broly um and
so this community i really want to have
some of that you know aspect as well
yeah it can't twitter can get very like
yeah it can get a bit linked in
sometimes i think you can admit linkedin
tend to be on twitter and linkedin
yeah it's they're they're generally not
tick tockers very often i've i've yeah
i've noticed
um so
for this
program where will the majority of your
traffic be coming from
oh well traffic uh hopefully tick tock
hi to those who are here live um you
know i i would say um
tick tock is like my wide reach platform
and as i have discovered it's a
different target audience or rather
there's my tick tock audience and then a
small subset of it is the target
audience for this and that's fine so i
actually think more of the traffic for
this will be coming from my other
platforms where people have liked
content enough on tick tock that they
seek me out on
instagram youtube signing up for my
email newsletter um all that jazz so
they're sort of like this broad all the
wonderful 36 000 odd people on tik tok i
would say like one percent of those have
stopped me out elsewhere because those
are the ones who really want to go
deeper than just
you know 30 seconds on google ads so
that's where traffic will be coming from
i've updated my link in bio pages as of
yesterday so people can actually sign up
just to be notified when this course
launches i've had one person do that so
far um since it is a different audience
than my newsletter um and then there
will be some traffic hopefully as well
from twitter and from linkedin linkedin
is the one social network where i only
have people who i know personally so
linkedin actually is like my personal
network um
and i already actually have some google
colleagues who want to sign up for my
platform so that's something i'm really
excited about as well yeah
that's that's like the ultimate in
in like i've made it kind of level
absolutely when i can say that like
googlers see the value my content so
much that they're gonna pay
to
use you know to be an insider um and
learn from me that's
awesome so so anyway to answer your
question my traffic will mostly be
coming from my various social platforms
um my email newsletter
uh
yeah that's about it i'm not planning
planning to run ads initially um i'm a
big proponent of driving organic growth
first um but but i do have an ad credit
from google ads for setting up my google
business profiles i may go in that
direction um
as well however you know my target
customer is someone who already knows me
if not personally like they know me from
tiktok they know me from instagram and
they're buying like because of me and
they understand me and i think that
would be really hard to convey in like a
search ad um so yes the google ads
course creation will probably not be
advertised with google ads
um okay
um
so
what you've you've mentioned that um
you've got your three
audience groups
um but you mentioned that they all have
the same
need and that is
to write better
like to write better google ads more
confidently like to become more
confident in the process
um
so
i'm just like the key so i've
just distilled a few of the value um
propositions here into uh there's like
six
main
points here that i think we should touch
on
um
so the first one that we have discussed
previously is the fact that they'll be
able to access coaching from youth
coaching loosely um for a whole year for
less than the price of a one to one hour
exactly and so just for those who aren't
part of our initial conversation so i
charge 290 dollars for one hour with me
um and a full year's access to the court
is 250 dollars so for and actually part
of so i will reach out to all the people
who've asked me before for coaching and
having able to afford to say hey for 25
bucks a month or 250 for a year you get
a full year of me um for less than the
price of one hour
yeah
um second one is
so the confidence in being able to
create and write their own campaigns
better ads more successful campaigns
obviously we can't promise these they're
more indirect benefits but over time as
they practice they'll spend less time
learning more time doing and it will you
know help increase their their expertise
with the platform and with um these ads
that they are creating either for
themselves or for their clients
or for their clients
one word thing is that um we don't
really tend to say we write google ads i
mean you write google ads the copywriter
but when we do google ads
right double part of say like um launch
google ads optimize google ads build
google ads
yeah but we don't we don't really
write google ads
good to know launch optimize build okay
yeah um
the third part is that it's a relatively
low commitment
um as far as time and financial
investment is concerned it's very
reasonably priced 15 minutes a week
and they're getting real actionable tips
from it um digestible
they're not sitting there for hours and
like falling asleep trying to you know
build these complex things um the fourth
one is that it's a trusted resource
you're an authority you've got expertise
that
very few people have and it's uncommon
and inaccessible knowledge from you know
you can't google it basically yeah
yeah
and it's not just theory based there is
a practice element to it they're seeing
the
how it actually works in the platform
which is something that they can't get
anywhere else
and they're staying up to date with the
platform as it evolves
does that sound about right
that definitely sounds
exactly right yes
okay
i have one more question and then i
think we're pretty much done um all
right toner voice
my
my favorite uh thing to do is to
establish toner voice um would you like
me to keep your tone of voice for this
page relatively consistent with the rest
of your website or is there a specific
personality that you're hoping to convey
that is an interesting question
i've never thought explicitly
about my tone of voice i tend yeah hmm
i think consistent is good i would say
my tone is um
more casual than formal
but
um
not so casual that it's like
oh hey what's up i'm jill fancy seeing
you here like not
you're not like
ridiculously slang heavy you're not
going to be saying things on
yeah exactly like on social media sure
the emojis and the whatever but for this
um i would say
um
casually
professional or maybe professionally
casual conversational but not slang
heavy
yes
like i'm a millennial i'm 30 how old am
i i'm 34 you know i'm not trying to be
22 in my tone 22 year olds welcome to
the platform love you you are awesome
but i'm not trying to talk like you
hello fellow kids um
yeah but i would say if you look at my
website um which i wrote all myself
i wish i could afford you to write the
whole thing um
that's the same tone i would choose to
use here if in doubt yeah
cool
no worries that's easy
so wonderful that is all the questions i
have
obviously as i'm writing things are
probably going to come up in which case
i'll be tagging you in my briefing
document and being like jill
over here over here quick question
sounds good and so what
next from here
so i am going to go away and i will
start um my research and i will start
putting together um a loose wireframe
for
the layout of the web page um actually
one more question is it going to be um
it's going to be hosted in thinkific is
that right
and that would be where the landing page
is as well or is that going to be on
your website
that is a good question um the landing
page itself will be with thinkific which
falls under my donut domain jill.ca um
it's learn.js and it might even change i
was going to say
inside.jpa but that sounds terrible so
ok
um but yeah so right now all that's on
my course platform is my tick tock for
business boot camp which is lovely i
really just built as a proof of concept
that i um have the um
focus to actually launch a course and
people buy it for me and i prove both of
those things so this will be really
taking that over so whether it's
learn.jill.ca adds deljie it will be
hosted on thinkific um the only way i'm
going to use my gel.ca website for it um
is if people want to pay in canadian
dollars because i'm in canada so then
the i have a shopify website so they
will be able to like check out on my
website and then go to thinkific but
like the landing page i will be driving
people to will be on thinkific and think
if it has like a landing page
builder like drag and drop so i can have
like a testimonial section i can have
sort of like one two like it has the
very basic
layouts you might want and have a logo
soup uh block a text show the curriculum
whatever um so it wouldn't get too fancy
in your potential wireframe whatever you
sort of think up we should be able to do
anything
look i'm not a designer so it is not
anything like heavy it's usually just uh
this is where this goes and this is
where if we can do this in a three text
block that would be great etc so it's
not nothing heavy we can always adjust
it after once you've figured out how
everything works actually on the page
but uh yeah so that will be um the first
thing that i do and then i'll get to
writing um because we've got a
relatively short delivery time frame on
this there probably won't be many
updates that i'll be giving you
throughout the process because it's
really just going to be a delivery of
the first draft by the 10th um
and then you can
review it
i will add uh any revisions that you
have requested and you should be good to
go by your
ideal time frame of the 14th
ah i had to get recording more courses
though yeah more classes
i know it's like not i don't know what
to call it well it's called inside
google ads let's say it's called inside
google ads when i'm referring to it
i don't see my course i don't see my ins
my insiders i don't know i had to figure
out any ideas there would be welcome but
like what to refer to it as when i'm not
explicitly saying
inside google ads yeah yeah
tricky because i don't think community
because that implies it's like a
facebook group um yeah yeah let's have a
think about that
yeah obviously i'm not trying to expand
the scope on you big lesson for those
who are watching this when you have a
specific scope with the marketer you
stay in your scope um
but you're really
because i think like horse is something
people understand
um
membership yeah i don't know but that's
what i'll sort of be
thinking about
yeah i mean like the words that come to
mind are the the typical ones like the
the platform and the trainings and the
you know
yeah yeah i don't know i do keep coming
back to course but that's purely because
that's such a familiar term
so i don't know
and i think something's better to stick
even if it's not exactly like yeah it is
of course i guess it's just different in
that it's like a membership
ongoing thing versus like a one and done
deal and we talked earlier about the
reasons for that
but
like there's gonna be elements of it
that are it's so it's a mixed delivery
course really because it's there's
elements of it that are on demand and
then there are elements that are live
and
yeah
i don't know i think we might need to
think about that for a bit longer
yeah
think about the things that keep them up
at night
uh i'm going to be dreaming in like
google ads
you know yeah
for the next week that's we're going to
turn you into an insider
whether i want to be or not i'm going to
be whether you want me or not exactly
exactly so have we wrapped up everything
you need to do your work coming out of
this call
yeah i sure think
you